the entrance to Mill Hill test centers
parking space is very concealed entrance
so as you approach you need to use the
mirrors provided to make sure that you
don't run into a car coming from the
opposite direction
as you can see the packing area is very
busy which is why you are unlikely to
have a parking exercise in this shared
car park
on your way out of the male health care
center make sure you use the mirrors
once again to be safe on the exit
this is deservedly in approach to Apex
Connor the only approach of Apex Connor
that is not controlled by a traffic
light and as you would expect is the one
that the examiners choose the most on
the driving test route
I mentioned Graham Parkway in my
previous post about a health care center
well as you can see from this video clip
the road can be very narrow in places
and you have to slow down and in other
places the road opens up and you'll be
expected to make progress up to the
speed limit but be sure you don't exceed
the speed limit at the end of the road
tipping about which direction you're
coming you either meet a major
roundabout or mini roundabout
you
as the name of the area implies Mill
Hill does have the few hills around so
you could be expected to do a few heal
stats probably emerge at the junction on
a hill or even do the reverse he'll
start where you're actually going down a
hill rather than going up a hill so be
prepared